feat: example of cross vpc privatelink setup (#20)
tecton-ai/terraform-aws-tecton-setup: examples/privatelink-cross-vpc/README.md

# Tecton Cross-VPC Privatelink Example

This example demonstrates how to connect to a pre-existing Tecton VPC endpoint service from a different VPC.

## Prerequisite
* A pre-existing VPC endpoint service serving Tecton endpoints

> * Caller AWS account/IAM user/IAM role (captured by [Output caller_identity](#output\_caller\_identity)) is added to "Allowed Principals" from the pre-existing VPC endpiont service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Caller AWS account/IAM user/IAM role (captured by [Output caller_identity](#output\_caller\_identity)) is added to "Allowed Principals" from the pre-existing VPC endpoint service
```

Reviewer: Can you expand on this a bit? Maybe just reword explaining that they _can_ specify any principals allowed to attach the endpoint
Is the `Output caller_identity` captured automatically? If so, maybe note that as a sub-bullet.

Author: Moved the this from prerequisite to usage section

## Usage

> * Create a [`tfvars`](https://www.terraform.io/language/values/variables#variable-definitions-tfvars-files)
>   file with the appropriate [variable inputs](#Inputs)
> * Ensure the AWS provider information correctly matches the AWS credentials for the account(s) to
>   be provisioned into
> * Follow the typical Terraform workflow:
> 
>     ```shell
>     terraform init
>     terraform plan
>     terraform apply
>     ```
> * [Accept connection request](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/configure-endpoint-service.html#accept-reject-connection-requests) from the VPC endpoint service side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [`tfvars`](https://www.terraform.io/language/values/variables#variable-definitions-tfvars-files)
  file with the appropriate [variable inputs](#Inputs)
2. Ensure the AWS provider information correctly matches the AWS credentials for the account(s) to
  be provisioned into
3. Follow the typical Terraform workflow:

    ```shell
    terraform init
    terraform plan
    terraform apply
    ```
4. [Accept connection request](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/configure-endpoint-service.html#accept-reject-connection-requests) from the VPC endpoint service side
```
